From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Convicts, and NerdMeltfeeder, Harmontown, now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, the eponymous Dan Harmon.
Doritos! Doritos! It's a crunchy, salty, cheesy snack.
You've just taken to bringing your Doritos half eaten on stage with you now.
We've got financial troubles, Jeff. We need to start advertising or else.
We are in more dire straits than a person that doesn't drive a Honda.
Do you want to do your Doritos jingle now or do you want to save it for later?
Let's do it now. Let's get it out of the way.
I know Doritos, I don't mean get it out of the way. It's bad to advertise. Let's give people the opportunity to learn about Doritos at the top of the show.
Dan, when I think about getting Doritos out of the way, I think I'm getting them off the table and into my mouth.
Right. And that's the name of this song, Into My Mouth.
Dan Harmon Doritos ad. Take one.
Into My Mouth. Into My Mouth.
You got a corn chip and something towards how to go into my mouth.
Little triangles of joy. Juicy triangles of joy.
What I call them, juicy. They're never juicy. Doritos in my mouth.
And fuck the queen. Fuck the queen.
Just in keeping with genre, Doritos is not of any opinion about the monarchy.
But in staying in genre, fuck the queen.
Doritos in your mouth.
I guess, speaking of getting out of the way, we should just do our Honda ad. You mentioned Honda.
We should just do Honda.
The power of dreams. The power of dreams.
You know what I mean when you drive a machine that gets you in your heart.
Honda is a machine that you have been taught.
Or at least within the margins of insurance.
So thank you to those guys. You know make sure you tweet them and let them know.
But in the margins of insurance.
So thank you to those guys, you know, make sure you tweet them and let them know.
But I love Harmontown and I love your thing because as you know, as fans of something,
your job is to keep us alive, otherwise you failed.
How do we justify these incredibly lucrative sponsors like Doritos and Honda and still
be charging people for our new subscriptions?
How does that work?
You get, everyone's getting Doritos that subscribes.
You get Doritos.
There's a person, if you're a student, there's a person coming to your school and he's like
a clown but he's got orange triangles.
He's being workshopped right now, he doesn't have a name yet, he's the untitled Doritos
spokesmodel.
I think the working title is Juicy, the Doritos Clown.
They're working on stuff based on just like people's feelings about things, like right
now they're thinking of calling him just like outrage, just based on his name is Outrage,
the Doritos Happy Person, and he's going to come to your school and he's going to give
you shit if you're a student.
He's going to give you shit, like get on your case or something?
He's going to get on your case.
He's going to be like, do your homework, bitch!
And then he'll apologize because that's his gimmick.
Ronald McDonald did magic tricks, outraged the happy triangle.
He apologized.
Outraged the happy triangle?
He apologizes for everything.
I like outrage the happy triangle a lot.
All right, so you probably have noticed already that I'm on painkillers and that I combined
it with drinking and that I've been signing stuff for the Rick and Morty signing.
Deanna, are you drunk during a show?
Yeah, sorry, Jeff.
Jeff's got high standards for this stuff.
I would like to apologize.
I was rotten as a fucking chop last week.
It was what my therapist calls informed consent, that's the phrase she always uses, informed
consent.
We knew you were going to be drunk.
I warned you.
I warned you three days in advance.
Like, should we do a show on his show?
Yeah, I didn't say don't come to the show if you're drunk.
If I had my wits about me, I would have called in sick because I was worthless.
I really owe you all an apology or thank you because I was, oh, you're welcome.
Yeah.
Whatever you want, you got it from everybody.
I remember licking a lot of balls and shadow running on that.
It felt like maybe a...
The thing is, sadly, I wasn't in a blackout.
I remember every bit of that show and that's what really breaks my heart.
I'm on painkillers because I had a biopsy.
Deanna, I was talking about...
I was talking about myself.
Sorry, Graeme.
I have...
For those who would listen for free to the show, I just revealed a stab wound inflicted
on me by government-funded assassins called doctors who examined me for that sound I
make when I laugh.
Wait.
I'll cure it.
Okay.
There it is.
It's like a bicycle spoke.
I'm pretty sure if any of us tried it that hard three times, we'd make the same sound.
Let's all try it at once.
One, two, three.
Oh, yeah.
There's a couple.
I went in for that sound and then that sound, they said, like, well, let's take some x-rays
and then they're like, well, your lymph nodes are enlarged so we should check out your lymph
nodes and large blah blah blah.
We're gonna do this test.
You should meet the specialist.
Well, the specialist says you should do this test.
Well, this test indicates to the specialist that you should see a specialist specialist
and you should go to this guy.
Let's go to that.
And so like a million dollars later, I'm sure.
Like they're just like, oh, we're gonna need to go inside to your chest and like pull out
some stuff from your lungs and we're gonna do a biopsy.
And I was like, well, what's wrong?
And he's like, well, you put it off so much that if it was cancer, you'd be dead by now.
So that's...
You're fine.
And I was like, okay, good to know that, yes, okay, good.
And also like...
And I was like, and then we'll find out why I make the sound when I laugh and the doctor
was like, what?
No, no.
No, that sound you just make now.
It was like a Louis CK bit, like he's just like, no, you just shitty.
You just make that sound now.
That's never...
That's not a disease.
That's not inhibiting your ability to live.
We don't care about that sound you make.
What are you doing?
Why are you cutting me open to get cells, to verify that you don't have something?
They're just spending money.
Are you just giving each other money?
Did they give you the all clear?
No.
They're never gonna...
They're just...
We're all just this nation of people who are just like, we're like cattle that are also
wearing farmer hats.
Like we're a farm of farmers.
We're a farmer farm.
Get that in your paperback, Orwell.
Fuck animal farm.
What about farmer farm?
Blown mind, for rent.
They gave me pain killers because it hurts because they stabbed me in the throat while
I was sleeping.
Show them the wound.
Show them the thing.
Find the camera.
It's fine.
I'm not complaining.
We have a lot of Harmontown fans who are like, oh, my leg is in where my arm should
be.
We are a community of misfits, including the medical misfits who walk around like...
So how big is the incision in your throat?
I don't know.
It's like the size of a Capri Sun straw.
They just...
I don't know.
I haven't looked under here.
It just hurt.
I woke up and it was like...
And they put like a little endoscope kind of thing?
Yeah.
They put something down there to collect cells out of my lymph nodes.
And it's got little grabby bits on there?
Look, cell-sized grabby bits.
Yeah.
Is it scoop?
I guess.
But then you wake up and it's like...
If you wake up and it feels like somebody just took a cheese grater to the inside of
your...
Like a cylindrical cheese grater that just went like this.
Again, I'm not complaining because, again, like childbirth.
I mean, it's just not a thing.
This was my first surgery.
It wasn't even barely a surgery.
It was like a fucking scoppy.
It was an outpatient thing.
So...
As George Collins said, your first surgery, they call it a procedure.
Right.
Yeah.
This was like welcome to the club.
And I was like...
It was really like...
I don't want to spend my last...
I don't want to spend my last moments with these people.
You know when you get on an airplane and you're like, oh, God, I know it's not likely to die
at an airplane.
Like, the terrifying thing is that if you do, you die with these people.
These people.
These shitty people.
These shitty Reese Witherspoons.
Like, like...
You're not going to get at this point in time, could you put your thing on the bugabullo?
Oh, we're dying.
Bye.
I'm your last person.
I'm the face of God.
Bye.
Bye, bye, bye.
I must...
I'm a person in a costume.
I'm a fucking bureaucratic idiot.
I'm a parasite.
Bye.
At this point in time, at this point in time, we'd like to remind you, we'd like to remind
you.
Everything that an airline tells you, they'd like to remind you.
We'd like to remind you is subliminal code for you're a piece of shit.
You forgot something.
I didn't forget shit.
It ain't hard to get on a metal tube and get launched into the air and then land.
I didn't forget anything.
I'm a fucking genius.
I'd like to remind you, I'm a fucking human being, not force majeure.
At this point in time, I'd like to remind you that we do have a really full flight.
I don't know how that happened.
Fucking hate airlines.
They're a criminal organization.
It's a fucking cartel.
Look up the definition of cartel.
I've been over this.
Look it up.
Look up the word cartel in the dictionary and then look at what airline companies are.
Have you ever been on a plane when you looked around and the people around you and thought,
no, this is a good plane to go down.
No, because it's always staffed with these people.
You've got one guy in the front that's like, I'm this guy at this point in time.
I'm looking to remind you at this point in time.
I'm talking about the other passengers, not the staff.
The fuck other passengers?
I mean, they're random.
What do you look over and are like, oh my god, that's Jennifer Jason Lee.
And she's like, hey, let's die.
I will see you at Jennifer Jason Lee and raise you a George Tikai.
As I got on.
I would love to die with George Tikai.
It's pronounced T-K.
T-K.
Mr. T-K.
We had Sulu on our flight and everyone's like, fuck it.
We're not dying under any circumstances.
Sulu's got to.
I would follow George T-K anywhere, including death.
Did I ever say on the show what he said, what he got on the plane right in front of me?
He was checking in to get on board and there was a kind of a very out gay black guy who
was the guy that was working the tickets and checking you in.
He was like, OK, thank you, Mr. Proups, thank you, Mr. Sonson.
And he goes, oh, Mr. T-K, what a pleasure.
And he goes, oh, thank you.
And the guy said, Mr. T-K, I had the pleasure of seeing you on a episode of Big Bang Theory
last night or something like that on some show.
And he goes, oh, that's very good news because I can expect a residual.
He's the man.
He's great.
And then he got on the plane and he had kind of a cough in his boyfriend or like companion
or whoever.
Husband.
Husband?
Is that right?
He's being attended to.
And it was lovely.
And everyone on the plane was like, this is the best.
They're a very cute couple.
And I've said this.
I've said this on the show.
I just want to reiterate.
George K. is an American hero.
Here's why.
Betrayed by his country twice, twice in one lifetime.
Like two times given the excuse to give up on this country because he was born in Japanese
America and locked up at a camp.
He didn't let that make him jaded.
And then during his acting career, he had to be in the closet because you had to be
in the closet back then.
You just had to.
And still, you know, like, and then to have like gay marriage challenge and all that stuff.
It's like, he never, he never just went, did the easy thing, which is like fun for all
of us.
It's just be like, fuck society.
Fuck this.
Like he would like always like meets it with this like ardor and goes like, well, I'd prefer
if it was something like this and I'm going to, I'm going to read you.
I'd like you to listen to this letter I'm going to read.
Like he's, he's a, he's a good, good activist, a good guy.
Like like you, you, you, I've never been fucked over by society once and I hate it.
Like I, I don't do, I don't, I've never, I've never had anything but privilege shoved up
my ass with a silver turkey baster like, like, and I am sick of everybody and they can go
fuck themselves.
Maybe that's the key.
Maybe you need to have a little bit of, of, of people shitting on you from birth in order
for you to realize like how, how lucky you are to be an American and how worth it is.
Even when the dream is kind of sitting over there like a pile of shit, like that, that
it's still worth something because like the dream exists.
I think you, you also do have to be sort of a special person to rise up from that.
Are you calling it retarded?
It's fucked up, dude.
I'm on painkillers.
I'm sorry.
What, what, what brand of painkiller are you on?
What's, what's, what's.
Retardinal.
They rarely give you, they rarely prescribe retardinal.
I know, they said, they said, you're going to be in stupid pain.
My sisters, my sisters retarded, fuck you.
Try having a retarded sister.
I love the, the fake high road.
You think it was hard to listen to me talk like that?
Try having a retarded sister.
What are you on exactly?
What are you called?
And, and I'm almost certain you're not supposed to have Kettle One alongside it.
I know, I looked it up, it says, it doesn't have a seat of benefit in it, so it's not
like bad for your liver to, like, I have been drinking with these painkillers, but I am
in pain.
They did stab me in my sleep for money, like, and then I, so then I wake up in the morning,
like, oh boy, it's so complicated.
All right, we have some special guests here tonight, but, and special in the, in the aforementioned
sense.
Our next guest brought to you by Retardinal.
What was I talking about?
Oh, you want to, it was, it's, it's some pill, like, is it, is it narcole or, or, or, or,
narcole, narcole.
Narcole?
Which just seems like a generic, narcole, narcole is like, like, super duper painkiller,
like, that's heavy duty.
But then there's, on the bottle, it says hydro something, it doesn't matter, it doesn't,
really doesn't matter.
It feels good, feels great.
And I was in pain, so I took the pill, and then I drank, and so here you have me.
So, just deal with it, as Dr. Phil would say.
As the great Dr. Phil would say, I just want to talk about a couple things, okay?
Great.
Do you mind?
Okay, thank you for coming tonight, Game of Thrones is on tonight, thank you.
That makes you all heroes.
You are all, like, if you were on Game of Thrones, you'd all be the big, tall lesbian
lady.
In my eyes, my favorite character.
What's her name?
I can't, I don't know her name, Brie.
It's Brie, right?
Yeah.
Brie.
It's possible to have watched it and be here right now, right?
And raise a show of hands or applause if people watched it already?
By the same people?
Applause?
Was it good?
It's Game of Thrones, it's beyond that, you can't, you can't, like, Tim.
It's Game of Thrones is a little salty, like, like, forget that.
Game of Thrones is always juicy, which is why it's brought to you by Doritos.
When you have a orange triangle and it's covered in powder that dehydrates you and sends chemicals
to your brain that make you crave the soft drinks manufactured by the same company.
Because we're all slaves and fuck the queen, but also Doritos.
How come the fuck the queen part never makes it in until the music is over?
It's just, it's there for, it's just genre, like, it's like Doritos is going for a new
campaign this year that's like, it's fuck the queen of your hunger.
But they don't, they don't want to mickey mouse it.
Like they don't want it to be in the songs, but it's just like fuck the, fuck the queen
of your hunger.
It's like a punk, like, you're punk, you hate the queen, you're hungry, but you don't want
to fuck.
Because Frito Lays was always God save the queen of your hunger.
They were, they were royalists and that didn't, that, we're done.
Yeah, they love it.
Yeah.
It's like go, go see the, yeah, this is the crown jewel of your hunger.
This is like, their new campaign is like Doritos, you're going to start seeing these commercials
on the internet.
They call them web commercials.
There's like fancy British people and they're like, would you pass me the Salisbury steak,
please Lord Governor, oh yes I will, then all righty, and then Roch, Rocho Randy Savage
comes through the wall and goes like, what the fuck are you doing?
Did you say Nacho Randy Savage?
He's, he's, he's not, he's, did I even hear that or did you say Nacho Randy Savage?
I misspoke, but the truth is that he is now, he's sold out to Doritos?
Yes.
He's now Nacho Randy Savage.
Like when Sergeant Slaughter joined GI Joe, but like, that breaks your heart.
Yeah, he's now Nacho, yeah, I mean, I, yeah, it does break your heart.
I can't believe he's sold out like that.
I can't believe it.
I used to think Macho Randy Savage, I guess I'm talking about pre Slim Jim Randy Savage.
Yeah, but they, yeah, the American psycho Christian Bale, like they're very good as teeth fixed.
Okay.
All right.
Anyways, Game of Thrones, thanks for being here.
Game of Thrones fans and Harmontown fans, you've made a sacrifice that should surely
be rewarded.
I'm sure.
I'm going to get an Apple watch.
Fuck you.
I don't care.
Stop yelling at me.
If Apple made Kleenex, I would get it, I would blow my nose in it, and then it would
go like, okay.
Did the Apple Kleenex work?
Like, I don't have a car.
Fuck you.
I don't care.
I'm not, there's no other company that bothers to like try to like design shit with the consumer
in mind.
Like I'm, it's, and it is for like rich, shitty people.
What does the Apple watch, because I've only seen like images of it.
It's just sort of like, it truly is useless.
It's of course it's useless.
So is Twitter.
Like remember when everyone was like joking about Twitter, like what, what purpose does
Twitter serve?
I don't know.
But like, I know that like, like when I, you know, our watches, we don't wear watches
anymore because we have these phones, but it's like you dig in your pocket, you pull
out these things.
Remember before watches, they had these pocket watches.
That's where we are now.
Your phone has become a pocket watch.
So now we have to go forward into the eighties and have a tinier phone on our wrist that
can just let us know what time it is.
And if we have any text messages without having to pull our phone out of our pocket, I'm getting
one.
Fuck you.
I'm going to get one.
I'm going to wear it discreetly, like under, under long sleeves during the winter because
I am a little embarrassed.
I don't want to, I don't want to be the only guy.
Have you ever seen somebody walking around with them currently?
No, they're just, they're just, they just came out.
So I haven't seen them yet.
I can't wear a watch.
So you may have one right now?
No?
Okay.
See, they're hot.
They're hot.
I can't wear a watch.
I get too fidgety.
And I'm also, when I was in, like it was in the eighties, like junior high school or high
school, I think the last time I wore a watch was I was a freshman in high school and I would
just fidget the whole time and constantly look at my watch and constantly.
That's what you're supposed to do.
It's called using your watch.
Yeah, but I was, I was, I think I have a bit of OCD where I like, I kept looking at it
and I would divide my day up into ever decreasing like fractions of time.
That's what you're supposed to do.
Says big watch.
Let's bring out big watch.
All right, let's bring out, let's, let's bring them out.
Let's just bring them out like the way you bring a bull out at a rodeo.
Out of a giant metal gate?
Let's bring out Rick and Morty creator, Justin Reiland.
Got you by a return and all.
Anywhere you are, I think if you stick closer to me, then it works better.
All right.
Okay.
Wow.
Oh man.
I got a scythe for sore eyes over there.
How are you, Mr. Reiland?
I'm good.
Haven't seen you in a while.
But you don't age at all.
You look just as boyish and whistful as I've ever seen you.
I just sort of build fat slowly, but surely I build fat against my body.
You look hard as a rock.
All right.
Justin, I have a question for you.
Yeah.
And I'm not joking.
How do you keep your hair so soft and manageable?
I don't wash it for a few days in a row, and then I'll sleep on it, and then I'll spray
it with that dry shampoo spray, and then I'll wash it, and then I won't wash it for three
or four days.
The cycle repeats and continues.
But why are we talking about that?
We're really snapping into this news about your hygiene.
Are you into this?
Excessive.
Are you curious?
This is juicy news we're hearing right now.
Man, what am I doing?
How you been?
I'm good.
I went on an emotional weather report from Justin Royal.
Are you still crazy?
Are you still crazy, Justin?
Yeah.
You're still mentally ill?
Yes.
I'm fucking depressed.
Hmm.
Yeah.
Hey, hey.
Don't fall for it.
Jesus Christ.
Happier as I've ever been.
If a manic depressive tells you he's depressed, you don't say, ah, you say, okay.
Bullshit.
I'll wait.
It's like a person who got off for being criminally insane, and then I have to stand
trial.
Oh, I'm so crazy.
Bullshit.
No, but I'm seriously fucking depressed.
You're fucked up.
You're a crazy person.
I'm not that crazy.
Justin, when you say, you mean you're capital D depressed, or is there something on your
mind right now?
Ah, I'm lowercase D depressed, lowercase.
Is there something on your mind right now that is currently depressing to you, or depressing
you?
Yeah, there is, but his, the sign in the window that said he was here was like so complicated.
Like, what did it say?
Robin Williams has been on the show, and it didn't have like all the caveats.
What was that on the, what was on the window?
What, I don't even know.
Justin, run us here.
It said things we weren't allowed to talk about.
Like on the sign.
What?
Yeah.
Rylan is here, but don't tip the ship for him.
Jesus Christ, fuck, I'm sorry.
Can I see that?
Can I see that, please?
Is this your writing, sir?
Yeah, this was, this was, let the court see.
I wrote this, let me see what I wrote, Rylan is here.
By the way, this is fucking, your assistant told me to do this.
What's the ship?
What is the ship?
Tip the ship, I don't know, I'm pretty drunk.
I'm pretty drunk right now, and I'm sorry.
I can't believe the fuck.
I took it for him.
Jesus Christ, fuck, I'm sorry.
Yeah, okay, so let me explain this.
So, so, so, so what I was going for here was like, what, what, okay, do you want some
paint color?
Spencer?
No, no, no.
I have more.
Yes, yes, but no.
But no, Spencer came, came to me and he said, just go stand in the little window and look
at Dan.
And I'm like, I don't want to do, do that.
He's like doing his bed.
He's like, that's like the opening routine for, I practiced it for days.
I'm not going to stand there like a weirdo and like, leer at him.
And then he looks at me and goes, oh yeah, just put a, but just put a sign, put a novel
on a piece of paper and hold it up.
So, so I said, so I said, so, so he's like, why don't you write down like that you're
here?
And I'm like, okay.
And I, I was really drunk and I wrote this and I still am.
And I wrote, Royland is here, but don't tip the ship for him, which means don't stop what
you're doing.
Oh, I thought it meant don't talk about your relationship.
No.
No, because you said, you said not to talk about your relationship tonight.
No, I know, I know, but no, all it meant was like, don't, don't rock the boat.
Don't.
Yeah.
His relationship.
He's been doing the Harmontown for a while.
Don't, don't.
Right.
Don't, you know, don't mean, don't do anything on my account.
Exactly.
Right.
Yeah.
And then, and then later I wrote Jesus Christ, fuck, I'm sorry.
All right.
And that's just a larger extension of my, where I'm at right now, psychologically.
What is it?
What's, what's, what's the depressing news?
Yeah.
What's going on in your relationship?
What's going on?
We don't want to get into that shit today.
We don't want to get into that today.
Harmony town is about plumbing the rude depths.
I know.
Are you having a good love life?
I am.
I love my girlfriend, fiance.
My fiance girlfriend.
Right.
I love her.
When you're going to tie that knot, you'd propose you're like an 89.
You know, I'm going for a 10, I'm going for a 10-year engagement.
I am.
I'm going for it.
Like the Will Ferrell movie?
What was the, the Paul Rudd, the Mark Russelo?
Yeah.
I'm going, I'm going for the 10-year engagement because I think that, you know, screen printed
leggings of fucking, what the fuck are you wearing, dude?
It's Anatoly's wearing special pants.
Are these Anatoly?
God damn you.
Anatoly, come stand up and show everybody your special pants.
Yeah.
Somebody like, cameraman zoom in on this.
Holy fucking shit.
The guy that played, what's the guy from Jinx?
What's the fucking Bobby Durst?
He's got Ryan Gosling.
He's got fucking Ryan Gosling, AKA Bobby Durst fucking pants on.
His bones are deco posh with Ryan Gosling's face.
And he just flexed them a little bit.
Anatoly, Anatoly, turn around.
His bones are like, turn around Mr. Junior's pecs.
Show them some Russian Ryan Gosling cock.
There we are.
That's the stuff.
That's, we just changed our rating.
And our religion.
Yeah, this is the Anatoly I like.
I don't, I don't like the aloof Anatoly.
The one where you're wearing the mask.
Don't be aloof about me pointing out your aloofness.
Yeah.
I like the, I like the, I like the out there figure skating, Anatoly.
Anatoly, grab a mic.
I like the guy that like wears like a Hello Kitty like hood.
And then, and then you go like, what's going on with the Hello Kitty?
And then he goes, what do you mean?
What the fuck?
What?
Why?
I don't know.
I don't know what the fuck.
Ryan Gosling is really fucking attractive.
You're right.
Maybe.
I know.
And Anatoly can ask you a personal question.
What does one acquire a pair of, so the sink, it's called internet?
There's a sink called the internet.
What is this?
See, I don't like it.
I don't like it.
I don't, I don't, I don't like this generation.
See, I mean, I mean, see, back in my day, when I wanted to pick up some, some Ralph Machio
tights, I had to walk into a store and physically purchase them over the counter.
And then you have to hurry it home.
You just carry it home like all the way.
Yeah.
And now you have to just sit home and just push the button and you have one.
Where's the, where's the pride in what you're doing, Anatoly?
Where's the, where's the, where's the pride and ownership of buying your Ryan Gosling
price anonymously?
Who needs pride?
It's not about pride.
Like a thief.
It's not fucking about pride.
It should be about pride.
No, nothing's about pride.
It's about ease of purchase.
Wow.
Yeah.
I, I, yeah, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
like, nothing is about pride.
He's right.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
I, I, I, I, I, I
Yeah.
Over the line, Jeff. Over the line.
I'm a journalist, Dan. I'm a journalist.
How can you have no respect to Ryan Gosling, dude? No.
It's fucking Ryan Gosling.
No, I didn't. I don't show the respect that you were showing it.
I always get Ryan Gosling confused with the other guy, the Brian Gosling.
No. That's his name. Oh, Gyllenhaal, the little Gyllenhaal.
Jake Gyllenhaal.
I can't tell the difference between those two.
Yeah, because their beards are shapeshifting. You never know what beard they're going to have.
Yeah, I just thought that they both came from the same silly putty egg, and they're both like,
like one of them you went like this, and one of them you went like that.
And they're both like always upset.
You know what they have in common, though? All girls we know want to bone them.
All right.
I mean, that's everybody. That's everybody.
Really? You're going to fucking put me up on a witch stick and burn me?
That's a witch, witch, witch stick?
Dan and I have a mutual friend named, this actor named Daniel Gillies.
He's wonderful, and he's on like those vampire shows and stuff, and he's fantastic.
And he's friends with Ryan Gosling, and for...
Name drop.
No, no, no, this is me dropping Ryan Gosling's name on behalf of somebody else.
I'm kidding.
For Daniel's birthday party, Ryan Gosling did something that I thought was incredibly groovy.
He showed up at the...
With Jake Gyllenhaal.
And he's like...
And they just started fucking right in front of everybody.
And they were tights with Daniel's picture all over them.
He came to his birthday party with Jake Gyllenhaal, and they took hostages.
And then both of them kept saying like,
No, I'm Ryan Gosling to all the party guests.
All the party guests had to figure out who to shoot.
They all had guns for some reason.
And they had hostages, which doesn't make any sense.
As you walked into the party, you got a loaded gun.
Yeah, you got a firearm.
All right, what did he really do?
He showed up at the, what's it called, the Chateau Marmont, and Daniel got to swinging like Balcony,
like one of the great rooms up there.
And Ryan Gosling comes in on his own, but behind him, I think a 10 or 12 piece mariachi band.
That was his gift.
And they played for half an hour, and they fucking boned out, and that was his gift.
There was 30 minutes of mariachi music.
Can I hear that song?
He brought it for his gift to Daniel.
I brought you music from these guys.
Oh, oh, oh, it was Daniel's birthday.
Jeff, can you tell me that song again?
My name is Dan Harmon.
No, no, no, Jeff, Jeff, the song that they played when they came in?
I just, you want to hear it?
I can't sing.
I want more, though.
I want chorus verse chorus verse of that song.
Anna Tully, do you miss the Cold War?
Thank you, Dan.
I do, I do.
I was thinking about it today.
I was talking to my assistant, Steve Levy, about it.
We were like, holy shit, man.
So we're just marveling at that 50 year plan we had before we got into World War II.
And it was like, fuck, man, for 50 years, like the bad guys were just other white people with a backwards alphabet.
It was fucking amazing.
And like barely any bloodshed for 50 years, just a bunch of cool movies about how we all had film in our pens.
And now it's just like, fucking day of the goddamn dead.
Anna Tully, like in Russia during the Cold War, I mean, how old are you first off?
You're quite young.
25.
25, so you might be too young to answer this well.
But were there, again, the 80s for us, there were great movies where the Russians were always the great bad guys.
We saw the decade end when it seems the world would collide with the blink of an eye.
The show brought to you by retard and all.
I was doing that song, that song.
Remember that song?
Oh, yeah.
Woman on the radio said that fruity pebbles were allowed in Germany.
Keep going.
Right, right now, watching the world wake up from history.
Skritti Polini, who are those guys?
In Russia, were there great movies where the Americans were the bad guys?
Was that a thing too?
No, it wasn't like really big.
No, I don't think so.
You guys were just stabbing each other for blue jeans the whole time.
That was the big secret.
We were like, oh no, the Russians, and they were like, don't tell them, give me some bread.
No.
Offensive?
Probably.
Yeah, that's fucked up.
Yeah, but it was bad over there the whole time.
Always was.
They sold counterfeit watches and stuff.
I mean, that's all they did.
Right?
Bro?
My joke is that, you know, the joke was, like Dan was going, you know, hardcore.
Yeah.
And I was like, oh yeah, I'm going to go hardcore, but also racist.
Dustin, to continue that.
Against Russian people.
Everything I know about Russia, I learned from the movie Red Heat with Jim Belushi and
Arnold Schwarzenegger.
That was a hard hitting documentary.
Dustin, I think that you should take advantage of what we're being racist about Russians.
Yeah.
To use this Russian intellectual here to explain your depression and what's going on in your
life right now.
I'm just fucking depressed.
Yeah, sir.
Like, I want to kill myself.
But I'm too scared to do that because I am so frightened of what would happen if I did
kill myself.
You know what I mean?
I'm one of those fucking people.
You chalk me up into that category.
Jethophobes.
The people that want to die, but then are so scared of what happens when you die that
they're afraid to kill themselves.
That's me, ladies and gentlemen.
All right, Anatoly, how do you deal with that?
How do you deal with that shit with your fucking Frank Gosling pants?
How do you deal with that shit?
Okay.
I want Ryan Gosling to suck on my people.
I'm talking.
It's funny.
Sorry, sorry.
That's fucked up.
I'm sorry.
That's mean and I'm sorry and I did not mean to offend you.
All right.
Go, Anatoly.
You have the floor.
The floor, okay.
Then I can have a floor to move my religion.
It's about what happened after you die.
Okay.
Nothing will happen.
Pretty Russian.
Lights out, baby.
What you're saying is blackness.
Blackness.
But blackness is a thing.
I'm telling you, man, I don't think that's true.
I think that when you kill yourself and die or if you die in a car crash or if you fucking
whatever, however you die, I think that you are reborn in, okay, so I'm kind of hung up
on this because, so let's say Harmon, you make babies with Aaron, right?
Poop out a bunch of babies and those little babies find, let's say they're girls.
Okay.
Just follow me.
So they're girls and they find these boys and the boys are like, I'm gonna fuck and
fuck that bitch.
Okay.
So then the boys fuck your girls and they make little babies and they poop those out,
right?
Okay.
So they go on and, you know, the fucking circle of life continues and you die.
So my theory is maybe that you will be reborn in your own lineage way down the road when
the fucking water's gone, when we're fucking, the planet's burning up and the NASA space
station is like, oh shit, we gotta hurry up.
But how can it be me if I'm not able to go like, it's me.
You wiped.
Like it'll be you.
Well, then if you're wiped, then you don't exist.
No, you do though, because it'll be you, but you're, all your memories will be wiped.
So you'll get pooped out of the vagina.
But who cares about that guy?
You will because you're gonna have to fucking live it.
No, I won't because my memory will be wiped.
Yeah, but you will because you'll be fucking living it.
No, you might as well say that about all life.
That is true about all life.
That's the beautiful thing is life.
I'm not saying you're gonna come back as a blade of grass.
I'm saying.
As another guy who is the equivalent of a blade of grass.
You're gonna come back as Dan Harmon's great, great, great, great grandson.
But he's not gonna.
And it's gonna be little Danny Harmon pooping out of his vagina.
And he's gonna be like, oh, tell him how bodies work.
Here I go.
But I know.
But like, I put this.
Oh, I love life.
And then when you get to like age 20, you're gonna be like, what the fuck is going on?
Like you did in this life.
And then you're gonna start to go, what the fuck?
I'm 20.
Okay.
You're 25, 30, 40.
Bullshit.
But that guy never says, I had a podcast.
Did I mention a podcast?
No, I'm saying that your identity is based on the idea that you would have anything to do.
You know what you'll have in that day?
You'll be like, I have a scrubby schmast.
It'll be some weird thing.
You're not even listening to me.
I'm sorry.
I want to listen.
Tell me.
I want to understand what you were saying.
You promise you'll listen?
Yeah, I swear.
I swear.
All right.
If you're reincarnated, but the only part that's not reincarnated is all memory of your previous life.
Okay.
That's not reincarnation.
That's biology.
Yes.
Of course, my cum goes into a thing and then the cum changes.
No, but that's not what I'm saying, though.
Okay.
Sorry.
It's semen.
Get ready.
So what are-
Atoms, molecules, cosmic light.
What I'm saying is that-
Cum is gross.
I'm saying that, you know, you and Aaron have a baby.
That baby goes on whether it's a boy and girl and appropriate-
I didn't-
You don't have-
You don't have to-
I don't want to be gloob about this, but you don't have to walk me through this again.
All right, fine.
I know how life works, and I know-
Okay, so that's 70 years from now.
That's one possibility, by the way.
One possibility.
By the way, that's exactly what happens.
Everybody says who's fortunate enough to live long enough to see grandparents and grandchildren,
and they say you are- you're the spitting image of, and you have the personality of your great-
Holy shit, you are that motherfucker.
One of the-
Maybe.
One of the progenitors of my family was like a philosophy major and a curmudgeon and a hermit,
and like he lost all his money in the stock market,
and he was the only other Harmon that went to school or whatever,
like I never met him, but he was like a guy,
and he just- he was so long dead before I was ever around,
but then a couple of old people were able to say before they died,
you're just like, so it's a-
It is reincarnation in that sense,
like I am like that guy because there's a fiber there.
So then the, you know, the whole thing of like reproducing and pooping out babies,
and well maybe fuck some other people and keep fucking and shitting out babies,
it's a little bit, you know, I mean-
It's very accurate, yes.
That's how life works.
But Justin, your fear you said is that if you are reincarnated as a poop baby
three generations from now and there's no water and the planet is all crappy,
what if in the future life-
Listen, I don't want nothing to do with it.
You won't have anything to do with it.
It's not you.
So I'm not having children, okay?
That's why I'm not shitting babies out.
You're still gonna have just as much to do with it without having children
because one of their babies is gonna be you.
So let's talk about the other thing, right?
So you have babies, you poop them out, and then, you know,
let's say in this crazy, weird, magical version of reality,
your life, you'll be reincarnated as one of these babies,
like so many lines, there are so many things online.
So what's the opposite of that?
The opposite of that is you say, I'm not gonna have, I'm gonna bisect me,
I'm not gonna have any fucking kids.
So then what happens?
Well then you're in fucking heaven and there's 700 virgins-
What?
It will fuck you.
You know what I mean?
Justin!
Totally crazy people think that.
Justin, those are your two, your main two theories of course.
700, I love the idea that you're just-
700 virgin women.
We'll have sex with you if your parents refuse to procreate.
Justin, it sounds to me like-
I'm just kidding.
It sounds to me like possibly that you're more afraid of not leaving.
Man, I'm just fucking afraid of everything.
You do want children, you do want to leave someone behind.
That's what I'm believing in.
I don't know if I can care for another human being, I'm scared.
I'm just really scared.
Well you shouldn't have kids, no one wants you to have kids.
A lot of people are bummed out you have dogs.
I talked to a guy tonight that's bummed out you have Legos.
I have to say that I love my dogs and I take care of them so well.
I've rescued and saved dogs, but I get it, you know.
He's a good dog owner, he's a very good dog owner.
Are you worried about your dogs pooping out babies?
No, no, no.
I want to check in with the booth.
Do we have friends back there that are-
Yeah we do?
Oh god, for God's sake.
Anatoly, go sit down.
Please.
Thank you everybody.
Thank you Anatoly.
Fuck out of here.
Thank you Ryan Gosling.
I don't know what you guys want.
What do you want from me?
What do you want?
That's you.
What the fuck?
What do you want?
What do you want from me?
I don't know what to want.
I dress up like a Christmas tree.
What do you want?
That's you.
Oh shit.
What do you want from me?
Oh fuck.
Uh oh.
No, you're not supposed to be able to-
You asked for it.
Respond.
Oh no.
Our audience is-
They're learning how to think.
They're using tools.
It's like when the velociraptor doorknob.
How did that Jurassic World movie go?
People are saying like I was pretty spot on with my predictions about Jurassic World.
We should have a screening here.
Yeah, yeah.
That Chris Pratt is like the guy who really he understands velociraptors and they him.
Hey man, I know Chris Pratt that motherfucker ain't jokin' around.
I'll tell you one thing.
He don't eat no fat.
Justin.
And his wife didn't eat no lean.
Justin, can I say something?
Do me a favor.
Will you do me a favor?
Do you consider me a pal and a friend?
I love you, yeah.
I love you.
Will you do me a favor?
Just for me.
Yeah.
Don't kill yourself because I love you.
Oh, I have two days from now.
You're gonna find my body hangin' from a noose, baby.
Nah, just kidding.
I have something important to say about that and I've said it before.
We have a young audience and there are hipsters and stuff and people have like we all go through
a bunch of shit.
You go through a bunch of shit, different phases of your life.
No one wants to be told you're going through a phase.
Your feelings are your actual feelings.
The most important thing you can do is talk to somebody about them.
You have to talk to somebody about them.
You have a friend or a family member that you trust.
You don't have to call them.
What is this, Dr. Phil?
What am I on a fuckin' daytime talk show?
It's the important thing that you need to say to anybody who is ever having these thoughts.
The most dangerous thing you can do is let them bounce around in your head.
Rest assured, I have three therapists that have been given to me their numbers.
I have not called any of them yet.
I don't know if I will, maybe I will.
Or maybe I'll fuck it, blow my goddamn brains out.
If you do, if we do find you hanging from a news two days from now.
No, no, I just want to let everyone know I would never do that.
I'm too scared of death.
I'm too scared of the whole death thing to be able to actually kill myself.
So, no matter how suicidal I get, I will never kill myself.
And that is my promise to you.
You fuckin' pussy.
What a stunt.
Justin Roiland. He didn't bounce to not kill himself.
Emotional terrorist.
Is it our old family friend? Is he here?
Okay, not old. I mean, his relationship with our show is old.
What do we got?
Curtis Armstrong's down!
Curtis Armstrong brought to you by Honda.
Dorito Armstrong!
No, you can stay there.
Thank you!
Curtis, hello.
Nice to be here.
Curtis, what did I do to deserve a nice yellow tulip?
Well, I'll tell you.
When somebody kisses your balls,
the way you did me,
you go out and you buy them a nice gift.
You see, ladies, is it that hard?
We learned a little bit from Curtis Armstrong.
It had never happened to me before,
and I've been thinking about it all week.
So, today on my way here, I stopped to get you a tulip.
Well, that's lovely. Tulips are among my favorite flowers, Curtis.
They're among your favorite flowers?
Yes.
Your romance, I think you said you were going to come with your wife tonight, right?
I was going to.
Your wife?
She didn't come.
I've always been meaning to ask you about your love life.
You're married.
I'm married for 22 years.
Do you have kids or anything?
We have one child, a girl who's 19.
Did you poop her out?
You say 19?
I didn't.
I was present for it.
Were you there physically?
Did you watch the whole?
I was there physically.
You saw the whole flimflap?
The whole thing.
I was even in the hazmat suit that you have to wear during the process.
You were right there.
You were there with the boots.
Hey, in all seriousness, when you were there watching the baby come out,
did it change your sex life afterwards?
No, it didn't change my...
I mean, we didn't have much of a sex life before then,
so it didn't change that much.
You had some?
We had some.
Did it get better?
Yeah, it actually, I think, it did, actually.
Because you were like, come on, anything goes down there.
No, yeah.
Hot dog in a hallway.
There was a...
The doctor was doing the process,
and it was one of those moments that as a father,
and you're going through this, many of you will go through this.
Many of you may have.
All of you will go through this.
More of you than should.
No, not all of you.
8 billion of us.
And every one of you will go through it.
For God's sakes, will you adopt a China person?
Yeah.
Many people may.
Will marry a Chinese girl and go through...
What we went through.
And what I remember most vividly from this moment
was the moment where I was standing there watching
and the doctors there ready to receive,
and suddenly this thing started to appear.
And I said, oh honey!
I see her!
She's coming!
And the doctor said, that's a hemorrhoid.
And we had another nine hours of labor to go.
And the hemorrhoid came out and was coming.
The hemorrhoid was like, oh, come on.
You're like the worst...
That changes you.
Because you think...
The hemorrhoid was so...
Wrong direction.
Well, you know what I mean?
For a moment...
Choke guy.
No, I was...
I mean...
So are there vaginal hemorrhoids?
This segment brought to you by Dorito.
You got questions.
Dorito's here to snap into them.
Crispy, crispy, inanimate old questions.
All right.
Thank you.
There was a hemorrhoid...
I mean, hemorrhoids are in your butt.
I mean, I was actually looking for something that wasn't there yet.
And I saw what I thought it was.
It was like an illusion.
It was an illusion.
It was me.
You were projecting.
You were projecting into her butt.
I was projecting.
But it did change me, though.
I mean...
Your story just changed me.
Yeah.
So you have one 19-year-old...
I have one 19...
Wonderful 19-year-old who's...
What has that been like from year one to year 19?
Take us through it.
From what?
I mean, you only have one.
That's the fast version.
That's kind of unusual.
Yeah, I guess so.
Yeah, it was great.
Everything has been...
She is so astonishing.
And she lives in London.
And she's studying psycholinguistics.
Jesus.
And she...
And she lives in London.
I'm so glad I met you.
Thought I had a chance.
But she lives in London.
She'll be back, though.
Oh.
I love Curtis.
I'm meeting all of our friends.
I guess that's great.
And she's not involved.
Oh, nice.
You are kind of, though, right?
Politics?
No, yeah.
No, don't turn him under your daughter.
No, I wouldn't really.
I wouldn't either, god damn it.
Who am I?
No, if you were in my shoes,
you wouldn't introduce you to...
My daughter, either.
Right.
So anyway, there she is.
And she's doing...
She's working.
And she's...
Is your wife British?
No, no, no.
She just...
She was over there doing...
You know a magazine called Mojo Magazine?
Music Magazine?
You know that?
So she was doing an internship there last summer.
And she was going to go to NYU.
She wound up hearing that King's College had a great program.
So she applied and they took her.
Psycholinguistics.
That's not so groovy.
Did I say psycho?
I think you said psycho maybe.
I think it's just the company.
19 year old daughter.
Psycholinguistics.
I know.
High apacea, Armstrong.
I would never do that.
High apacea?
I would never make a joke like that.
You just did make a joke.
I would never in my life.
You made a joke exactly like that.
But you're deceived because I would never make a joke like that.
My mistake.
I stand corrected.
You know what?
It's okay.
We're going to get through this.
Anyone?
It's 9-Eleven.
9-Eleven.
We have some sociolinguistic people here.
I misspoke.
I meant sociolinguistics, which is a whole other branch.
She's sociolinguistics.
You misspoke with psycholinguistics.
Yes, I was thinking of something else.
Sociolinguistics means what?
I don't know what that means.
I know what sociolinguistics means.
It sounds like a form of verbal anthropology.
It is kind of that.
It's the structure of language.
I could be more fascinated with that.
My friendship with Jeff is kind of based on Noam Chomsky
because he was a political dissident and a linguist.
When I met Jeff, it was the 90s and we were both a couple of young,
full of piss and vinegar.
I only knew Noam Chomsky because of his linguistic work.
Jeff had read all this crazy political shit that he had written.
I didn't even know about his political outspokenness.
I'm a verbal thinker.
I'm very fascinated with language.
It's something that she got from high school.
She became interested in it.
Her senior year in high school, half of her day was spent in high school.
Half of it was at LACC studying sociolinguistics.
LACC? What college?
That's L.A. Community College.
In Hollywood?
Was she in a dorm?
No. Nobody's in a dorm.
I saw that movie with Seth Rogen.
The crazy dorm movie.
Anyone? Am I the only one?
Am I the only human being in the world?
It's ever seen.
I'm sorry.
Some things that fascinated me about linguistics in no necessary order.
I'm just going to shotgun them all.
Breathe deeply and you'll come out of this in no time.
Help me. Help.
Number one is that when people have kids, they always tell you at two years old,
the kid just starts fucking talking.
And we all have this instinctive baby talk thing that we do,
which is another thing that's fascinating because people write different books and go,
don't baby talk, do baby talk.
It's fucking instinctive.
You do it to dogs.
When you look at something cute, you kind of like,
oh, you, who is that?
And what you're doing is I think you're making, you're showing it, you're trying.
Except I never did that with her.
I never did that with her.
Well, now she's in London.
I mean, now I definitely wouldn't do it with her,
but I didn't do it with her when she was...
Get her on the phone and let's have him do it to her tonight on the show.
For the first time ever.
You raised your daughter so coldly she had to move to England just to fit in.
That's right. Exactly.
That's exactly right.
You have to baby talk him.
I didn't. I made that mistake.
But it actually turned out okay.
Because then suddenly she didn't talk for a long time.
And then suddenly she just started talking like...
They just one day they just...
Every parent I've ever talked to says like, look, you do what you do.
You hope your kid will talk.
That's exactly right.
And then one day you come home and you just hear a voice from the corner of the room
go like, you want fries with that?
Yeah, exactly.
What the fuck?
Shit in the hell?
That's exactly right.
My niece lives...
My brother and his wife live nearby.
They live in Eagle Rock.
Or the time was Glendale.
And my niece didn't talk.
And then one day...
I didn't go to their house for a couple months.
I went to the house and my niece is like...
She's got out of the bath.
And she was going...
Shake, shake, shake.
Shake your booty.
What the fuck?
Like last time I saw you, you didn't say things.
But now you're singing.
The way that they inflect when they're doing their...
At the young age when they start doing their impressions of how they see adult communication.
You punch them in the face.
This six-year-old girl who like leans up in the doorway and goes,
why don't you come up and see me sometime.
They do weird shit.
And you have these like anecdotes of like,
oh god, when you were a kid, you did this thing at the party.
It was so funny.
And it was...
But it's because they're more capable of doing like clearer impressions of adult communication
than we are as adults because we actually learn the meaning of life.
And they're actually just full bore like trying...
They're doing the equivalent of a parrot or...
But beyond a parrot because they're not just making noise.
They're...
They're smarter than parrots.
They're intuiting and also like they're actually communicating more effectively.
And you just get these chills down your spine.
These kids like they roll their eyes at you and they make it very clear they're over you.
And like they intone things just perfectly to...
And you're like, wait, what the fuck are you...
Why are you...
You need to be 32 before you have those feelings about crayons.
What do you mean you've had it up to here with these crayons?
You said it like Willy Loman.
That is so true.
But that's the...
Let me tell you a guess.
The amazing thing to me is that verbal communication for us is biological.
Verbal communication we've all seen now with Jody Foster.
Verbal communication would happen in a vacuum.
That would...
If you were raised by wolves as a human being you would teach language to the wolves.
You would start to adopt the wolf language. People speak.
That's what we do.
We speak verbally.
But what we don't do naturally is written language.
Which is what our entire society is based on.
Is the secondary unnatural mimetic evolution of language as transcribable thing.
We think because when we're kids we're learning to speak and write at the same time.
And we're learning to read.
Which means interacting with written language and making it come out of our mouths.
We grow up feeling like verbal language is somehow secondary.
That written language is like this really important thing.
It's sort of like this dumb thing that would go away in one nuclear blast.
But verbal language is like here to stay so much so that if you walk 30 yards that way.
People are going goop-a-goop-a-goop-a-goop-a-goop.
And you can't understand what the hell they're saying.
Because humans actually just naturally hold our breath and use our forebrain and flex it.
And go like express shit.
And we use it to geolocate and we use it to socially interact.
It lost me man.
I was hanging on for a while.
I'm going to go to London and I'm going to enroll in your daughter's class.
I'm telling you that you're the first person I've met who actually sounds like my daughter.
That's like talking to my daughter.
And I don't understand her any more than I do you.
Can you introduce him to your daughter?
I would love to sit in the room and just watch them.
I would love that.
But you should bring her by.
I'll tell you, you're very lucky because I've been here what four times is my fourth time.
I've never mentioned my daughter.
Because if I do, I'll go on.
Well, it's because I'm a bad person.
I don't think I've even asked you if you were married for the first three times.
Until now actually.
But also, I grew up in the 80s when it's like, well, what if you were married to a goat?
What if that was your own business?
That'd be really great.
If he was married to a goat.
I would love that.
I mean, I would respect it and understand it.
What would be so good about it?
I mean, it would be awesome.
I'd be like, wow, tell me about that.
And also, I'm totally cool with it.
Because I'm a libertarian.
And everybody is...
The libertarians love...
They love people that fuck goats.
They love to let it all hang out.
If you're happy, fuck a goat.
Can I charge you to fuck a goat?
And I wouldn't have judged you for it.
I would have been like, that's cool.
Tell me about it.
That's interesting.
Why weren't you as interested when he was just married to a human woman?
Because who isn't?
You go to fucking Subway.
You go to fucking Starbucks.
There's a bunch of married people.
And all the public places in between.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Rouse, Vons.
From Starbucks to Subway.
I'm Justin Reiland, taking you on a tour of America.
BBC Two.
From paper cups with one logo on them
to paper cups with another logo.
These are the four Micah tables
from restaurant to restaurant
of our great world.
Here we found a person that's fucking
an emu.
Or what was it?
Goat. Goat. Goat. Goat. Goat.
A goat.
He also happened to star in
a bunch of famous movies.
Am I...is that...
Curtis? Yeah.
Yeah, he was in some stuff.
I know, I just didn't know if that was like something that...
he's sensitive about.
That I was talking about?
Listen, I'm so scared of everything.
I'm scared of it.
I'm scared of offending everyone.
You know what? I've done everything I can
to make you feel comfortable with me.
There's nothing else I've been getting you.
You have. You have.
Curtis, are you in therapy?
No, not anymore. I was.
Have you ever taken it?
Oh yeah.
Oh God.
Did it help you learn how to interact with people?
I noticed on this show, you're very, very gracious.
Maybe you were born that way, but...
No, I was born that way.
It didn't really help me learn to communicate with people.
It just allowed me to express myself
in a way that...
Do you want some vodka?
I would like some, thank you, since you're up.
You seem very able to diffuse, like,
even the most fundamentally...
You're a sensitive person.
You have a good antenna,
and you're very aware of other people's state.
You sense the other very well.
Well, thank you. Thank you.
I try.
But that's probably...
Thank you so much.
That's perfect.
When you were a young boy, or a younger man,
did that sensitivity get you in trouble?
Was it hard on you?
To be sensitive?
Yeah, because I feel like...
Absolutely, because it was, you know,
obviously being sensitive is a sign of weakness.
The drama of the gifted child.
Yeah, I wasn't a gifted child.
Sure you were.
I was sensitive, but I wasn't gifted.
Of course you were a gifted child.
Well, don't be a fucking idiot.
Okay.
Of course you were a gifted child.
You're right, I'm sorry.
You may not...
You didn't know it.
Of course you're gifted.
You're an exceptional person.
You grew into a person who...
Oh, easy on him.
Who's possessive of an ability that not everybody has.
He's like everyone in Hollywood.
He had talent.
He was in the right place at the right time.
And, you know, he had what the fucking movie people
needed him to have.
There was a book I read in the 90s which is probably longer.
That's as good a description as any I've ever heard.
Not very eloquent, but...
When he was taking time out of that rampant goat fucking,
he was like...
When I could do that.
Probably everybody in this audience would qualify as gifted
at a certain level, like what we've learned in the 2000s
is that everybody's gifted in some way or another.
But in the 90s I read this book that was written by a therapist
who had realized that all therapists were fucked up
and that there needed to be a book telling therapists,
like, look, you're fucked up.
That's why you're a therapist.
Like, get you like a tone with that shit before you go
to help people.
It was called the drama of the gifted child.
And it was about...
But gifted, you could swap out like intuitive.
Like empathic.
Like being a kid and before you have the word power
to express it, understanding that mom's mad about this,
dad's jealous of that, and this person feels left out,
and this party is a wreck and like you're six years old
and you get these thoughts racing around in your head
because you're gifted.
You're picking up on things.
And then you're going to grow up to be a journalist,
a therapist, an actor, a director, a painter.
I just have to tell you one thing.
What's amazing was before I decided I wanted to be an actor,
I only wanted to be one other thing,
and that was a journalist.
When I was like nine, I decided I wanted to be a journalist
and I was going to be a journalist until I became an actor.
Is it because you saw the people on TV that were journalists?
Yeah, I think so. Me too.
Me too.
It was like My Girl Friday and movies like that.
I was like, I was watching Jack Clugman on The Odd Couple
and I was like, oh, I want to do that.
You can get paid to not shower.
Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
And like Lou Grant and like the archetype of like the guy
was like the five o'clock shadow.
Yeah.
And like no shower and like he's typing, typing, typing,
and then like some fucking senator's going to pay.
Yeah.
Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap.
Can I ask you this?
I'm going to make him pay with my fingers.
The best was The Night Stalker.
Yeah.
By then I was already an actor.
But I said, but The Night Stalker was perfect
because not only was he cool and wore a seersucker suit
and a pork pie hat and smoked cigars and was a journalist,
but he dealt with vampires and werewolves and shit like that.
Was Night Stalker your first movie?
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I'm an actor.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm sorry. Listen, I just want to know how old were you when you,
you know, you said you wanted to be an actor?
Yes.
I was in, it was like...
And what was your first...
I was in...
Give me a year and what was your first movie?
Fuck!
I'm not prepared.
I keep forgetting.
I get sprung these questions without preparation.
We're all wasting everyone's time.
I know.
I'm aware of that.
They're all staring at me, waiting for a date.
So my, I decided...
1969.
Really?
Yeah.
He was, he was Barbarella.
1969.
Are you serious?
No.
Did you know...
Chris...
No.
He used to be Jane Fonda when he first started.
I know who he is.
Okay, well you, okay.
So you know...
No, I'm just saying like he wanted to be a journalist and then he was like,
you know...
I wanted to be an actor.
I wanted to be a journalist when I was eight.
I feel like Justin is...
So when you were trying to make Kurt is crazy.
I think he's trying to undo early therapy.
Nice.
I want to know about Chris.
What year was he eight years old?
Okay, eight years old.
You were...
I was bad at math, but I was born in 53.
It was the year 1953.
Curtis.
That was one.
Was eight years...
Oh, you were one.
I was one in 53.
The year was 1953.
Eight years later.
Curtis was one years old.
Curtis, I'm sorry.
He had admirations and dreams to be a journalist.
I mean...
But maybe if things didn't work out, he'd do a movie.
Maybe.
We don't know.
He wants to be a journalist.
Curtis.
Justin needed the amount of information to do this.
What year?
I need to know.
The year was any number, I could say.
I might need...
I am what...
Curtis wanted to be an actor.
You could have done that with any information.
I want a little more information, please.
Thank you.
Curtis.
Hi.
Okay.
What was your first movie?
Risky Business.
With Tom Cruise?
Yes, but that was like...
What year did that movie come out?
83.
1983.
Business with Robert Mitchell.
Here we are.
Both.
I'm on top of the world.
Curtis.
In Risky Business.
What?
Rubbing elbows with Tom Cruise.
Dancing.
Prancing.
And living the life.
I'm Curtis.
It's 19...
Is this you trying to be a journalist?
I'm doing a little bit of Robert Lee's...
Isn't it a newsreel?
What is that?
A little bit of like, you know, fact...
It's Edward R. Murrow you're doing.
Here's Mutton, you're right, Hitler.
I just want to know, man, who's there?
I want to walk through the...
So you did Risky Business.
He did fucking Risky...
Yeah, he was in Risky Business.
This is old news.
Yeah, yeah, we've been over this.
He's an old friend of the show.
Don't worry about it.
I've been here before.
Amazing.
I can't believe this is only your fourth show because you feel like a seasoned friend of the family here.
You've been here a million times.
I love it.
He's our long lost brother.
I've been here before.
So how many steps to...
I'm so happy.
12.
There's a movie.
I love coming here.
I love having you.
You know, what's it called?
Like three.
It all happened.
There was a big explosion.
He was in Risky Business for a second.
Risky Business, Revenge of the Nerds.
Oh, so literally, Risky Business straight to Revenge of the Nerds.
Right.
Which is fucking amazing.
And then...
Well, then...
Well, that's my opinion.
Then...
If you disagree...
No, it's all right.
I don't have an opinion.
Then Better Off Dead.
This show brought to you by IMDb.
Okay, fine.
I'm sorry.
And four episodes ago.
Four episodes ago.
I'm sorry.
I'm gonna stop.
You did the actor studio thing with him.
All right.
The...
Let's bring out Spencer.
Because I feel like...
Spencer!
Hey, guys.
Oh, man.
How's everybody loving Justin, man?
I am digging this.
What are your thoughts about Justin?
I love it.
I'm just glad he feels comfortable or he appears to feel comfortable.
I ate somebody's weed chocolate and it's starting to hit me.
Yeah.
I'm not.
I'm so glad there's actually a reason.
I'm not kidding right now.
No, I did give you a big chocolate bar.
You didn't eat the whole thing.
No, I ate like a quarter of it.
But that's a lot.
I bet it hasn't.
Yeah, yeah.
I think you're supposed to do that.
And it's hitting me right now, but I'm hanging in there.
You're lying.
I don't believe it.
I know.
You've never seen him.
No, I do.
I know.
I watch this guy when I was a baby.
Not to make you feel old.
Not at all.
But it's true.
I'm just trying to make sure you're okay.
Can I tell you a fun story?
You guys want to hear a really seriously fucked up story?
Yeah.
Mike, if it's okay with you.
Okay.
Buckle your fun belts, everybody.
All right, so my cousin, really hot like fucking, by the way, I was, I was like, I was like
six years old.
I was six years old.
Make a story interesting in four words.
My cousin, she'd be calling.
She lived in Los Vegas.
I'm in.
That's good journalism.
That's called not burying the lead.
I'm just trying to be honest.
She lived in Las Vegas.
She was visiting, you know, and she was really hot.
She's the daughter of my dad's brother.
She was like 13.
Maybe 13.
I was, I was, I was six years old.
Okay.
Yeah.
She was 13.
What year was it?
Uh, well, uh, 86.
86.
1986.
We take it to a subway in 1986.
Okay.
The St. Starbucks folks.
I promise this is fucking interesting.
This is fun.
I promise what I'm about to tell you is very interesting and fun.
Oh my God.
All right.
So my cousin, who was like 12, 13 and very hot, like seriously hot.
And I'm six.
It's 1986.
When you say this 13 year old girl was hot, what do you mean?
When the, uh, Revenge of the Nerds.
84.
Okay.
So when in part two come out?
Oh, 87.
87.
Okay.
Then I, I, I redacted my original date.
It was night.
I was seven years old and it was 1987 because it was when Revenge of the Nerds part two
was hitting the theaters.
Right.
Okay.
So my hot 13 year old cousin.
Dan.
For the home.
I'm just telling what happened.
What, what about her being 13 made her hot?
I'm just telling you what happened to me.
We're listening.
As a child.
Okay.
I'm six years old or seven, depending on the year they're.
Does that make her either 13 or 14?
Yes.
Okay.
All right, so.
Oh that's even better.
So.
Hot cousin, prime time.
Seriously.
This is crazy you guys.
You're going to be like what the fuck.
like what so she totally molests me like like sucks my dick all the all that
shit no for real I'm not joking I'm dead serious I've never told anybody this
she then right laugh it up laugh it up I'm being serious I swear to God so this
hot 12 13 year old cousin of mine does that to me and then I swear to God the
next day my dad's driving us to pick up my aunt and we're like what movie are
we gonna go see and she's like I want to go see revenge of the nerds too and I'm
like this fucking bitch like had her way with me last night and that's really
fucked up and crazy right yeah she should want to go see well but now work
so my response that's that's a lot older than I came out many years earlier but
I'm just wondering what so what I said obviously was yeah let's go see fucking
revenge of the nerds too I just got raped and then but I didn't say that I
didn't say that but I did think to myself when we're what and my dad was like
no we're not gonna watch revenge of the nerds to you raped no he didn't know
okay he didn't know you know you know but I was like wow man this is gonna be
awesome by the way seriously wait can I just say you realize your story is the
definition of front-loaded you can't all true unless there's a treasure ship
involved everything I said was true up until the very end of it and then I
started to you know your story begins with your cousin raping you and goes into
like a diary entry about seeing a movie and popcorn was like five dollars all
true it was all true it was all true up until the very end of course it's true
it's boring I don't like what do you mean she's not man go back to the first
part or like that that's what's all true right the first ball the best part is
true right and then like when it got boring was when I was like I need a
punchline to this story we really put myself out there what my mom's knees
raped me when I was six what I need a punchline but you don't need a punchline
you can just we went to go see revenge of the nerds too so that's why it ties
into Curtis here wow it was so great I love that movie part two was so good
thanks man I remember sitting there with my with your knees I mean your cousin
sitting next to me and she kept touching my leg and I was like I'm trying to laugh
at the amazing Curtis joke so she was still she's 14 years seven okay so I'm
I'm she's blackering I'm putting a love a paint of lacquer over the truth the real
thing that happened to me which I'm revealing on Dan Harmon's Harmonton
podcast is that my Doritos court flavored corn chips cousin molested me
ladies and gentlemen can I get a round of applause please but she was hot that
cat is molestation she was really hot I think that's why I have all these
problems right now she was really hot I'm not making it up I swear to fucking
god okay so what the fuck now Curtis I am fucking speechless I don't I don't
even know where to go from there so I love you man I love you too man and you
you actually turned out okay no if I wasn't so afraid of death I would
already be dead right now I know I heard that before put it on the books and I
like that people are applauding when you say that well cuz they're willing to
yeah don't be afraid just hug me as I choked to death cuddle me as my if you
are out there and you're a young person and you do have thoughts of your own
mortality please talk to somebody I'm saying it again let's bring out the
more brown everybody just in the story brought to you by a Honda motors taste
the cousin
so you want some Doritos yeah we're lousy with Doritos up here hey Harmon we're
doing a subway thing for Rick and Morty oh yeah yeah yeah subway is great
subway is the best way to lose weight stay stay in shape and be cool great
sandwich company what the fuck is going on under this bandage what bro you can
I want to rip it off but I'm afraid I'll just fly across the room like a
balloon are your narcos wearing off right now what's happening oh yeah good
point the last thing they should need this more don't encourage him Jesus
Christ somebody my painkillers are in my background get me a norco on your way
out now we're just having people deliver painkillers on stage I don't have a
prescription for them I shouldn't have them so I was just they gave me a small
bottle of six dollar pills you know instead these are for the pain I do way
wake up in pain I'm a pussy I I I I can't believe that people get their
kidneys removed that people have like procedures done I don't know what I'll
do when I get sick Harmon is Aaron here tonight is she back there are you with
us no she's she's shooting in our place okay well the hero would it's getting
late we we might want to be having a I say this at our at our own peril should
we have Justin play Aaron's character yeah I think yeah it's the easy thing to
do I mean we usually would bring up with you there the Moorish and Curtis are
nodding yes so yeah alright I'm in damn would you would you dispense your
shoulders please hold on I know we would usually bring up a lady but I read in
Deadline recently that there's too much diversity we're living in the world of
diversity overload was that that that was the one about Empire yes there's an
article and in Deadline that said like the people love black people on the
television but is it too much of a good thing
like wow look at me man seriously my favorite thing in the world is always
really yeah the as as a fat white old straight man my I have always loved in
comic sections the culture of like any degree of like forward movement being
met with like the slippery slope argument like what's next I don't like
yeah what's next who cares what I'm playing is Aaron yeah you're playing
totally fuck her game up tonight yeah yeah I mean if you want to be hack that's
what I listen I mean what I don't look at his hack I look at it as like fucking
diabolical I think the most ironic thing you could you know I was fucking like the
most ironic thing I want to do but holes blow people's mind by putting in like
an amazing performance as this female character who's like our Dan what if I
want to go to a village and just lick every but hole we've done it that was
last cut off her cut off her legs right on your forehead you're saying you're
saying you gotta we've done it we've done it we've done you gotta get more
creative than that we've done the we've done the thing where people play a
character and then they they spend their their whole episode like cutting things
off I look I'm gonna take it seriously I care I want to progress the group
forward but if I can pick up a flower that if I put in my but hole will give
me some sort of advantage amongst all of you guys against each other but if you
could be more like Curtis like just watch what Curtis does I love Curtis
Curtis is an expert shadow run player he's like he is the highlight of the
shadow run game he dives into his character Dan's not happy with my these
absurd concepts yeah but he'll be happy once you start yeah because you're gonna
be like Curtis yeah Justin just pretend Curtis is my mentor you're in it you're
in a sci-fi blade-rennery kind of universe where we're we're getting
capers and we're trying to make money and man I'm there I'm with you guys and
I'm gonna I'm gonna go out of my way I'm gonna go up down left and right AB select
start to help you guys out all right in this crazy video game Spencer if you
would Spencer please take us away and recap our last episode it's be ace
and never was it last time on Harmontown's shadow run we found our gang
separated from each other and feeling strangely sexual Jim nightblade having
removed himself from the goings-on of his party leered upon a schoolyard from
behind the confines of its wrapped metal fence mercy trying to lure our tool
Arturo Spaguli away from his fistfuls of burger tyrant burgers and into the
group's uber offered to kiss his balls just once if he agreed to go outside
with her Doritos meanwhile Eve Liberty is feeling experimental and unable to
resist pulling down doctor friends pants to give him semi-sync consensual
butterfly kisses on his balls she literally summons butterflies to flicker
their wings upon I was pretty drunk doctor friend cast us upon Spaguli a
spell of agony writhing in pain his hired muscles dumbfounded doctor friend
rushed in offering to take the man to the hospital will Spaguli Reese are
released from his burgery clutches finally reveal the whereabouts of lil
jelly dervish or will the end of the recess release Jim nightblade from his
clothe clutches on the linked fence find out on Harmontown's shadow run thank
you I just wow this I did this one was written by at kid attic kid attic on
Twitter I did go from the playground to the like the roof of the I was going to
the roof of the burger place you went up there and there's some pipes there was
nothing and then it came back down yeah and then you started pick lock in the
back door right so we've got Spaguli in the in the in the van now right we do
yeah that's where he left out tell me again Spencer what's the connection with
lil jelly dervish why do we need him well okay so you're on this job from Ryan
dervish he's trying to get you to find his son jelly who the mob kidnapped now
Arturo Spaguli is tied to the mob and you have him unconscious semi-conscious
in your truck you know presumably to talk to him or touch him let's look let's
drive him to a remote location and interrogate this guy you guys hold the
guard would like to use his sort of map soft of Seattle yeah to take him to a
remote location but by remote I mean figuratively let's take him to gasworks
park there we go you head to an alley near gasworks park it's the low you know
underserved area of Seattle actually you know a lot of Seattle's pretty
underserved and nice sixth world Seattle snap you pull into a dirty a dirty alley
next to a dumpster full of garbage presumably and then stop all right
mercy that's you Justin you're on it you're a negotiator and our face man
woman like what one ask ask Arturo Spaguli where little jelly dervish is
and get the good who the fuck is Arturo Spaguli I'm in I'm in I'm in the guy
we've just abducted from a burger joint he's doing him he's doing this guy
okay oh Spencer hey dungeon master yeah of course okay so so so we're in
trouble our group's in trouble no no no we're in charge right now we want to we
want him to tell us where little jelly dervish is because he's a gangster and
he knows okay hey my name is Marcio Donald you're looking at me and you think
it's a joke but I'm fucking not kidding around right now I want to know where
our person is right yeah where the fuck is our person I'm not kidding around
roll confidence roll confidence dice anyone got any of the confidence dice
I could roll yeah you get if I roll high in confidence can I like at least like
intimidate you cuz like I have no confidence right now that's why I want
to kill myself ladies and gentlemen that's what we got into earlier stay
focused stay focused sorry sorry sorry listen this guy or this girl actually is
saying where the fuck is our friend where is he or her where is he where are
they he who's your person little little like little jelly dervish where am I you
should know possible that I might mind think with with mercy oh you could do
that my mercy oh that's you Justin mercy oh yes I'm you're now getting
pissed over here yes don't speak out loud use your mind use my mind listen my
powers right no trying to read my roles here I think I dropped one just you
don't have to read okay all right be cool be cool man just sort of just sort of
use the assumption that you have power and you are in charge of this right
listen Spencer I'm not fucking around where the fuck is my friend my name is
Marcio Donald I'm sick of this shit I don't know what my super power abilities
are but I swear to God I'm gonna break them out in two seconds
mercy here we go you're gonna get real upset that's the stuff that's the stuff
yeah listen man little lady listen ma'am oh mercy you also have the most
beautiful face in all the world thank you I'm trying that was just a thought
from hold the God it's a good thought where am I man you're in a van in
Gasworks Park Jack we want to know where little jelly dervishes gasworks
Park shit you know what the important thing is we're all in a world that's so
much easier than it ever had to be it's like well easy jobs and none of us want
to do anything for it you know like you got information our toro inches towards
the door I grab them I micro fiber his hand oh shit
nanowhip you slice it open he's like oh god yeah no it's like you don't know you
don't explain how the world you're talking about your person I don't
what I'm trying to explain something to you and you're not listening when you
reach for the door you're not listening I possible the doctor is it it is it
possible the doctor might do some healing at this point brought to you by
Doritos all right I'm going to heal your hand I walk up but you have to
listen to me they're going to hurt you and there's nothing I can do about it
just not show healings I'm getting to the healing just a mess I just get to the
nose he can heal his hand you just let the man do his thing now for God's sake
talk to them tell them where spinkly is he says he says oh fuck thanks man that's
that's some cool stuff hey it's crazy technology culture it's just like
basically afforded us all the ability to barely nothing and still get by like for
instance like you could just tell us what we want to know and it's like a
whole day's work for you and us you could just you know ask close-ended
questions I put my fists in the air and I snap out my snap blades I blades that
emerge out of my forearms from my jacket yeah and I say listen Jackson we're not
gonna hurt you unless you tell us where little jelly dervish is what it's in my
turn after this I'm not I'm not trying to be that guy I'm just turns next yeah
sorry sorry what do you want with that guy none of your business you know yeah
it's like you got the rolls all mixed up yeah do you know where he is I do do
you want to do you want to tell us where he is and take us to him or do you want
to get hurt I don't want to get hurt just some burgers man we'll get you all
the we'll take you well you take us to your little jelly dervish we'll take you
right back to the burger tyrant and the first round of burgers is on us well
that's that's lucky because he's in the burger tyrant wait the one that we were
just yeah yeah yeah what is he work is he work there was he a customer there oh
no neither where is he he's been shitting for this entire time is he hiding
inside the building we have him locked up in the freezer don't hurt me all right
let's tie this guy up and get back to the burger tyrant can I get a burger we're
gonna have to hang on to you consider yourself a kind of human receipt get some
weapons oh just yep yeah we got to make sure the burger of your information is
edible so as a distraction might I suggest that I do a bit of a performance
ordering a burger for him so that he feels that there's some enticement
yeah where do you order a burger from though because you're in gasworks park
right now I'm using mind link all right look can I ask a question Arturo yeah
you want to tell us the things we have to worry about because the thing is we're
gonna we're gonna leave you in our care we're gonna go try to get jellyfish to
the extent that we have difficulty doing so you will die so now you're on our
team so you tell us everything we need to know to make it a quick mission and
then you're done like what do we have to worry about when we go there well they
got they got turrets they got great they got metal detectors where are the
turrets and what give us all the location of the turrets by the counter they
pop up can we have can we get this guy to upload into horticards like mental
map is our way to link that I don't have any of that man I'm not even I know Dan
and he doesn't want to deal with no motherfucking turrets neither do I well
there was turrets and there was what else what was the other thing turrets and
metal detector before you I'm just saying I think we might be on the same
page on this one one thing we know the burger tyrant listen I've known Dan for
a while I'll tell you one thing you don't like turrets you're gonna key to the
back yeah give it to us what do we have to do get that fucking key to the back
room seriously give it to me okay here it is thank you okay what's the code
number is there a lock a key is there a lock let them give out the code number
go ahead what is it Spencer there is a code number it's a key good what what
is it a it's a it's a golden one a one it's one of those Spaguli you be 40
using mind clinic I suggested you just put it in your pocket Spaguli is there is
there a lock on the freezer where jellyfish is no all right I think we
get enough let's go back to the burger tyrant it's a little back and forth you
arrive at the burger tyrant who's gonna stay with Arturo what are we gonna do
with him let's just let's just tie him up and leave him here duck taped up and
talking about me right now no is that my schizophrenia I'm sorry is that my
schizophrenia you guys talking about I have to ask is it my schizophrenia it
is no one's ever asked that it's not it's your sanity rest assured my doctors
about to get rich I say that we that we tie a script we tie him up and gag him
but we keep him in the van with us in case we need him as collateral in some
way listen I won't hurt anyone here I know the voices are totally you're not
the one you're talking about they're trolling me all right all right so we're
back at the burger joint we got we got Spaguli tied up in the van we're gonna
what do you do he was just he was sharing something it wasn't it wasn't
about the game that's not for you guys it was something else like that's like I've
been really honest and open with this crowd but like I went I went like three
layers above that for Curtis just now yeah she wasn't that hot that's very
superficial that's very superficial this had to do with tinfoil hats and like
alien people and all that kind of shit like reptile fucking people on the news
you know so what Dan said I said is really offensive I was talking about
reptile eyes like reptile eyes and you know all right sorry I'm so sorry hey
guys I have I have a spell of improved invisibility I can make myself
completely invisible to people and to detectors you can give me the key I'll
go in there bang bang boom but then how do we get him out of there without being
seen on the way out who's saying this this is me I'm not a rare joke from
horticulture by the way I like you're seeing this he's like Borat yeah we're
all together right I'm sure we're behind the back door of burgers I did we're
like we're trying to form a game plan yes I think that's great you're enhanced
invisibility okay but once I get him once I'm in there and I got to get him out
through the thing like how do I get him out without the turrets going off on the
whole I feel like we need to go in the front like okay so magic people weren't
getting stopped at the front right so actually people with magic abilities
should go in the front take out these motherfuckers people who have hardware
should go in the back because every time someone with guns goes on the front
I have hardware yes doctor I want to do the best doctor and Eve and and horticulture
should go in the front like like like take them out with like spells and
telekinesis I I'll go in the back with with but I also have I have a maximum
capabilities with with I didn't mean to offend you I'm just saying like I'm
saying like listen it's gonna require anyone of us to do this anyone that has
the ability to like hurt someone with their mind I'll walk in and I'll go in
there and just stun bolt or stun ball the entire room and just knock everybody
out and I'll come in the back and I mean it's a restaurant like how I'll be right
there okay I want doctor friend and someone else with me in the front so in
case my spell doesn't work that would I'm not I have smoke bombs I have smoke
bombs so I'm gonna come in behind you and I'll throw the smoke bomb if we need
to okay let me be third so that I can close this to the vehicle because I can
keep it running and then jump in it okay good so you're so so horticurs gonna be
out back with the vehicle ready to rock right he's our eyes and ears on the
inside in case we need it we're down to the last couple of minutes we have to
do this now okay now we started late fuck this okay we're going until we're done
all right I don't care if it's midnight I don't care no no I mean I mean I mean in
this world oh in this world yeah either based on I'll tell you what I'm afraid of
I'm afraid he's food jellyfish is freezing yeah he's in the free I'm afraid
he's food I'm afraid because he said that he wasn't a customer and he didn't
work there but he's in the freezer yeah I hear you know yeah I think he may be
burgers all right so here's the plan I'm walking in there with who who's go who's
coming in the front door with me okay I should go in first unarmed okay I mean I
have my hidden weapon will they be able to detect that Spencer what's the weapon
it's a it's an Ari's predator that's hidden and I also have a sleeve gun to
that's hidden I'll answer that yes they have metal detectors yeah they have
melt am I in this can I do can I yeah yeah here what's my you're coming with
me because you're hardware based okay so we're like back back we're backing them
up yeah you're just following they're gonna go in then we're gonna go with your
hair around can I go in okay so I could I throw in the smoke bombs
and that distracts everybody you guys go in the back while we're in the front
what are we trying to traction we're going in the back the they don't need
to be distracted from us going in the back we're going in the back Spencer what
are we trying to get a little boy like we're trying to rescue a little boy we're
trying to save them from save him from what dexter's from gangsters yeah sorry
I'm sorry you guys like I'm unlocking the back door okay so we're gonna save a
little boy Dan and I are gonna go through the back you guys are going in front
front use magic leave your weapons behind you can't bring weapons I I
stashed my weapons we don't save this kid I've dropped all my metal weapons in
the van I come in there ready to rock with a major ass stun bolt if it doesn't
work I want doctor you dropped those I've got the smoke bombs in my doctor bag
right and then also I know I will my my improved like low light vision work in
smoke Spencer or no not through smoke not through smoke all right then we'll
just if it doesn't work out we're just gonna cross a rocket start shooting the
fucking place up and get the hell out of there okay all right I'm with you all
right you guys ready to do this ready I have a gun on me I do right yes okay
probably yeah but mostly you have your hair yeah okay I walk in the front door
and look for and I say hey I walk up to the counter and I know I want to have
everybody where I can see how big is the room by the way it's a you know like
McDonald's size okay cool so my thumb ball should be enough to hit the whole
thing probably not the whole room no you can probably hit about half of it all
right so I walk in the front door and I look around and then what do I see you
see right up at the front is the security guard he's wearing an armor plate
and you also see about three customers just kind of spread around tables and
then there's two fry cooks kind of milling about the auto fooders all
right I put my hand on them and I have shot gloves and I just try to stand them
and knock them out who the security guard at the door all right stay in the
pocket son yeah be ready to go doctor I'm ready because because we're shadow
running it's not called shadow picnic you you grab the guy right on this body
part and he starts to convulse wildly with electrical energy he's he's shaking
around you should talk into the microphone so we get all here he's
conspiring sorry I'm sorry I'm just saying now we know shit's going down
my comrades okay yeah he doesn't go down though he's not unconscious he's just
okay then I then I finished the job I had continue continue it really is
literally what he would say it was actually just pulling an audible I push
him Spencer towards everyone else that looks like a threat would they all be
in one area enough for my stun ball to affect it wait what do you do I want to
push this guy because he's not knocked out I want to just kind of use him while
he stunned and push him in toward the crowd and then stun ball the whole the
whole room sure objection objection you can push him can my character step in
front of this push and no you're in the back you're in the back I'm in the back
can my my friends I'm unlocking the back door yeah you and I are together that's right all right I push him
in there into the room and cast a force 5 stun ball on the whole ball of wax all
right well before you can do that you start pushing them and then two of the
fry cooks draw guns on you perhaps more emphatically than that gunfire cuts through
the the burger tyrant but obscured by the smoke you managed to dodge all hits I
use my nimble cart like a gymnastic ability cartwheel away from all that
stuff and then where they were force 5 stun ball how do you go racist but
effective all right it hits all of them yeah they don't they don't get
unconscious they punched as if in the face and they stumble back several steps
and then here I come yeah meanwhile in the back you right yep okay I'm behind
Harmon I'm like sort of behind him yeah what are you guys doing I got my Aries
predator out silencer I'm coming in expecting this my goal is to come in
through the back I'm expecting fry cooks I'm expecting to take them out all
right well you come into the storage room there's potatoes and pickles I
don't care about them you go into the main room oh there's also the freezer
door to the right and and a manager's door to the left guard the freezer I'm
on it I keep and watch the manager's door and then what else is there you
there's just the door to the main oh we got a dirty main door because my plan is
to meet the others in front and I played are you in the calm I'm coming were you
coming this room yeah it's gonna be full of smoke you might not be able to see
everything it's called the night blade doctor let's hit the dirt and just in
case the bullets start flying just aim don't aim with the ground so we don't
get hit yeah you're walking yeah yeah yeah okay okay I'll do it up so you
burst open the door and there's smoke pouring out anywhere everywhere there's
bullets flying all over the place cyber eyes screaming those are the eyes you
have those are my eyes cyber eyes yep low light flare reduction yep impenetrable
I'm assuming smoke is to smoke them yep okay fuck god damn it if anything I
never tested these things out cyber I just start shooting randomly no I'm
kidding I move forward we're on the ground night blade the doctor and I have hit the dirt so
you have a clear shot like you know do I see anything in front of me you see the
fry cooks they're firing into the smoke shoot them which one the nearest one the
nearest one yeah that makes sense welcome to Texas trial unless I'm close
enough do you think this done but on them but I'm assuming this is not you
know I fuck these guys they work for a crooked establishment back down back
down back down these people signed on the dot I said I'm gonna back down no I
don't want to fight these crazy crooked no no no no no this is murderous back
down murder also we're eating cows cows chicken for a station alone like it's
back down fuck these people back off back down and get serious you fire you
fire off as many rounds as you choose and they and they don't hit anything the
guy everything shoot it all he slips on the greasy floor at the last second he
doesn't dodge those but he doesn't get his he does not get hit shit fuck god
damn it it's all Justin what do you want to do it's on my turn it is your turn I
just realized I've been you know fucking what do you want to do something god
okay okay what can I do what are my options you just walked into a fire
ice can I roll it down no what would you do you're in a firefight people are
shooting there's smoke everywhere something okay here we go okay so what's
going on we don't need that yeah he does no he doesn't what if he has like a
spell as a dad says I need it he doesn't have ow Dan don't hurt me I'm picking it
up okay all right what does Curtis do well Jesus Curtis is on the floor as all
this is happening I threw my smoke bombs as all this is happening
just pick it up the pencil's not attached to the ground I am outside of the
vehicle now and I'm pushing it up man this guy can create a hit show that's
coming out this summer but but in July stop stop Tuesday nights at midnight
called Rick and Morty but he can't listen that's a team effort these two
these two Doritos all right so what am I doing here what is what is god damn
Doritos have pushed me over a thunder not sure what does DeMors do I have left
the vehicle and I've approached the building I'm entering the building there's
smoke pouring everywhere I have my smoke bombs with me also yeah but I've not
I've not used them I'm crouching and using combat sense to assess the
situation and navigate myself closer to the point of impact you're aware and
this is heightened you have combat sense is all about you combat it's it's
imminent I have a question yeah I can do a physical barrier spell yeah so what
I'm gonna do I'm in the big room right I'm gonna do a physical barrier spell
that extends from the back room to the front door keeping all of the guys with
guns on the far side of the physical can I do that you can but you got Dan and
Justin are on that side I know that but they're gonna go out let you do that
nonsense but in the meantime all of these people with guns are trapped in my
physical barrier yeah can I do that sure yeah cuz they're kind of in the same
area and they are tell let them know cast it cast that spell
now it's up let's get out of here let's get that kid and get out of here have you
guys anyone else is hurt yeah the guys are blocked in they're almost imprisoned
by a barrier force in the corner no limit the hodegard it's not limited no
you're you're outside of it you're just in the in the place night play go back
open up that freezer get that kid will meet you out back in the in the car
that's a Roger 2 9 I head back to the freezer you open the freezer and inside
you see an unconscious 30 year old man and a little boy oh boy all right get
that boy and go night blade all right I put up his dukes like he's ready to fight
the unconscious one no yeah the unconscious one it's really crazy no the
little boy oh oh hey hey little boy watch out no you remind me of me and all
that shit I don't care we don't we don't have time to go through the whole
thing I'll remind you being punched in the head now you that's just like I
would have said if I was you it's like this is an unlikely friendship come on
let's go let's go little dick can I my hodegard have my hodegard mind link to
tonight plays and tell him to tell that to tell the young lad that the that
the Billson said he must come with him kid Billson needs to see you I don't
know what that means also stranger danger kid kid I know you've heard this
before but if you tell anybody about this oh your parents are gonna get hurt
now get in the free candy am I going down the wrong road all right here's the
thing kid I'm gonna level with you because I see some of you in my eyes
this world is so fucked up okay all the oil's gone people are trolls the
president's a dragon everything's fucked up covered in piss you don't stand a
chance I didn't stand a chance we're just human being scrapping around on this
fucking burnt-out husk that's orbiting a fucking doomed son all I'm telling you
kid is you come with me either willingly or I stunned batanya and I'm
telling you it says on the label and I'll let you read it because you seem
smart it could fucking kill you because I'm not supposed to do it to someone
your size so I'm saying come with me as an option piggyback ride like it could
be fun like we're going to a zoo except instead of animals we're gonna see my
paymasters okay hold the guard the race is back to the vehicle jumps into
driver's seat kicks it into stars all right hold on who's the other guy in the
fridge who is this other guy kid oh that's one of the mobsters I got the
drop on him nice all right so we've all run back we're meeting back at the van
right right sure all right who's who's right I release the spell no no leave it
all right okay yeah we don't want those guys to get free yet no but we're
leaving yeah we're leaving now okay I'll leave it then it'll probably
dissipate but when you get a certain distance away from it right okay when
all the people are done talking horde god eats one Doritos chip then releases
the pedal and drives to a distinct dark location using his nose offs in the in
the Seattle area where they can then reconvene with the child in tow you
drive off to a mysterious dark location cliffhanger thanks for coming on game
of thrones night we appreciate your patronage sorry I'm so fucking sorry
let's hear for DeMorge Brown everybody Spencer Crittenden
nacho cheese and it's holy and it's beautiful stretch pants nacho Randy
Savage Doritos Honda Motor Company Spencer Crittenden Curtis Armstrong
everybody I'm Jeff Davis and one more time for your mayor mr. Dan Harmon see
in hell did you get any of that